EZP-32240: Commerce API revision (#1340)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/guide/catalog/product.md

``` yaml
parameters.silver_eshop.default.catalog_factory.<content_type_identifier>: createOrderableProductNode
```

> ## Prouct specifications

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Product specifications
```

> You can configure the available product specifications and default values using the following configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure the available product specifications and default values by using the following configuration:
```

``` yaml
siso_core.default.specification_groups:
    -
        code: "technic"
        label: "Technical data"
        default_values:
            -
                id: width
                label: "Width"
                value: ""
                options: ['mm','cm', 'in']
            -
                id: diameter
                label: "Diameter"
                value: ""
                options: ['mm','cm']
```

> The optional `option` attribute enables you to add a select field offering e.g. a selection of units.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the optional `option` attribute you can add a select field that offers, for example, a selection of units.
```
